fix: error for Lighthouse and Teku in Windows (#398)
NethermindEth/sedge: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Fixed

> -  Error for Teku and Lighthouse validator clients on Windows.

Reviewer: If you were a user, how helpful would the current message be for you to know if the new version fixes a problem you face or might face? Moreover, when we later check the Changelog, we won't have a clue what we fixed here because of the lack of details.

```suggestion
-  Teku and Lighthouse import keys container error on Windows.
```
